StUF-ZDS: Add extra elements on the initiator level (#6218)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/registration/stufzds.rst

* ``genereerDocumentIdentificatie_Di02``
* ``voegZaakdocumentToe_Lk01`` (for both the submission document and each attachment)

.. note:: We provide support of ``extraElementen`` for  ``creeerZaak_Lk01`` on two levels:

    * ``ZKN:object/StUF:extraElementen``
    * ``ZKN:object/ZKN:heeftAlsInitiator/StUF:extraElementen``

   Both mappings can be added on the "Extra elements" tab of the configuration options.
   Please be attentive what mapping you change.

>    All unmapped data is included as the extra elements in the object level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Both mappings can be added on the "Extra elements" tab of the plugin configuration options,
   and any form variable that's not mapped explicitly will be included in the object level extra elements.
```

* ``zaak.pv_betaalstatus``: this cannot be mapped, but the StUF-ZDS element
  ``<ZKN:betalingsIndicatie>`` is the right place and we manage that automatically
  already.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Contact information
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Open Forms uses the StUF-ZDS element ``heeftAlsAanspreekpunt`` to send contact details of the initiator.
Onegov doesn't support it, therefore we added a workaround with ``extraElement`` mapping on the initiator level.

In the registration plugin configuration options, go to the "Extra elements" tab and add mapping entries

> on the **initiator** level from the corresponded form variables to the names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the registration plugin configuration options, go to the "Extra elements" tab and add mapping entries
on the **initiator** level. The expected StUF names are:
```

* ``pv_afwijkendtelefoon``

> * ``pv_emailafwijkend``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``pv_afwijkendtelefoon``: use the form variable that contains the phone number
* ``pv_emailafwijkend``: use the form variable that contains the email address
```
